MFD Page List
This table shows a list of the MFD pages available, with a short description of their purpose. Most MFD pages also have a page dedicated to their operation.

Abbreviation	Name										Description
[BLANK]			Blank Page									This is the page displayed when there is nothing else selected. It is simply a black screen with the 
															word BLANK displayed in the middle. There's not really any reason to ever have this selected.
															
HUD	HUD 		Repeater									This page displays an identical copy of what is displayed on your Heads Up Display (HUD). This can be useful 
															if your HUD becomes damaged or inoperable. This page has no OSBs - to return to the main menu, 
															press the farthest left OSB on the top row.
															
RWR	RWR 		Repeater									This is similar to the HUD page - it displays an exact copy of what is displayed 
															on your Radar Warning Receiver (RWR). Just like the HUD page, you need to click on the left 
															OSB on the top row to return to the main menu.
															
RCCE			Recon Camera Page							This page is used in conjunction with the RCCE reconnaisance pod.

RESET MENU		System Reset Page							This page is used to reset various systems to their default state. 
															In most versions of Falcon, the page is accessible but clicking on the 
															OSBs will not do anything, since the systems deal mostly with night visibility.
															
[SMS]			Stores Management System					This page is used to manage your aircraft's stores 
															(i.e., the weapons and other equipment you have attached to your wings and fuselage). 
															This is one of the most complicated pages.
															
HSD				Horizontal Situation Display				Next to the FCR, this is arguable the most important MFD page. 
															It displays a moving map of the current situation around you, 
															including your navigational course and the positions of friendly and enemy aircraft.
															
DTE				Data Upload Page							Real F-16s use a data cartridge to load mission information to the airplane's computers. 
															Thankfully, Falcon takes care of this detail for you, so this page is accessible but not implemented.
															
TEST			Built-In Test Page							This page contains a number of built-in tests (BITs) that you can perform on your aircraft's systems. 
															It can also be used to access information about system faults that occur while you are flying.
															
[FLCS]			Flight Control System Page					This page is labeled as the flight control system (FLCS) page, but it does not appear to be implemented.

FLIR			Forward Looking Infrared Camera Page		This partially-implemented page allows you to control some properties of the Forward Looking InfraRed (FLIR) pod.

TFR				Terrain Following Radar						This page allows you to control your Terrain Following Radar (TFR), an autopilot mode which allows the autopilot 
															to fly the aircraft very close to the ground.
															
WPN				Weapon System Page							This page displays information from the targeting system of the currently selected weapon, if applicable. 
															For example, if you have a Maverick selected, you will see the image from the infrared camera on this page.
															
TGP				Targeting Page								This page is similar the WPN page, but is used for Laser Guided Bombs (LGBs) and 
															Joint Direct Attack Munitions (JDAMs). The camera for this page is mounted on the aircraft, 
															instead of on the weapon you are firing.
															
FCR				Fire Control Radar							This MFD page is used to control your air-to-air and air-to-ground radars. 
															Understanding how to use this page is crucial to your survival as a fighter pilot.